{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\f0\fs20\lang1033 SteamConsole\par
Version History\par
\par
v1.6.0:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Updated ROM Importer Script - Did some code cleanup and have a better method for ROM launching. It will be possible in the future to setup SteamConsole to work with multiple frontends instead of just Steam. Possible rebranding coming soon.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added new "launcher.bat" file for launching ROMS in Steam. No more need to have separate batch files for each ROM in "..\\Steam_Shortcuts".\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated SteamConsole Updater script to v1.5.4 - Changed update location from a personal FTP server to github itself. Will save me bandwidth and have better download speeds.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Fixed issue with ICE throwing an error when importing ROMS to Steam. If you experience an error message, delete your Steam shortcuts.vdf file from the folder "..\\Program Files (x86)\\Steam\\userdata\\USER_ID\\config\\". NOTE the shortcuts.vdf file holds all the shortcut info for Steam. So if you have custom shortcuts they will be removed.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Moved "..\\Steam_Shortcuts\\Apps" folder to "..\\Emulators\\ROMS\\Apps" to work with the new ROM import/launch method.\par

\pard v1.5.9.2:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed issue with PCSX2 and Dolphin emulators erroring out when trying to download the latest nightly builds.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated Wget to v1.19.1 in order to help resolve the download issues.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Fixed issue with ICE erroring out when attemping to import ROMs to Steam.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Bugfix for Batch File Templates.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated Dolphin emulator launch commands.\par

\pard v1.5.9.1:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added App shortcut for the Syfy website.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated SteamConsole Update Script - Fix a small bug in the RetroArch nightly download code.\par

\pard v1.5.9:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added Controller Map Popup that displays the controller buttons. Press Select + R3 to open/close the controller map.\par

\pard v1.5.8:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed Savedata path setting in mupenplus64_libretro.cfg.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added nerdist app.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Fixed a typo in the steamconsole updater script.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated README.md.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}UPdated Controller button Map Docs.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Moved Controller map image folder to "..\\steamconsole\\Tools\\Xpadder".\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated README.txt\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated custom hotkeys.exe.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changed Dolphin emulator to render in borderless fullscreen mode rather than exclusive fullscreen.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added controller map template image.\par

\pard v1.5.7:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Updated PC Import Method.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added Nexus Mod Manager App.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated GAMES.txt.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated Plex App - It now closes out of xpadder when loading Plex. This is to fix an issue with the Plex controller mapping while using the app.\par

\pard v1.5.6:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Updated ROM & App  Xpadder profile settings.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated PC Import Method.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changed GAMES.txt to be easier to read.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated Xpadder AutoProfile settings.\par

\pard v1.5.5:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Minor Bug Fix - Fixed a bug that was causing the Fox Sports Go app to not launch properly in Steam.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated PC Game Import Method - Changed the PC Game import method to be more reliable and easier to use.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Removed Xbox Games App - Xbox Games has been merged with the "Xbox" app so no need for it anymore.\par

\pard v1.5.4:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Minor Bug Fix - Fixed a bug with the steam open batch file being deleted during update.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated SteamConsole Updater to v1.4.9\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated Fox Sports Go shortcut to use the windows store app instead of the website.\par

\pard v1.5.3:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Updated Xpadder Profile - FFX/FFX-2 HD Steam Edition.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added Custom Steam Grid image for FFX International on PS2.\par

\pard v1.5.2:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Minor Bug Fix - Fixed an issue with ROMS loading in RetroArch not loading the xpadder profile properly.\par

\pard v1.5.1:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Minor Bug Fix - Fixed issue with virtual keyboard starting at full screen.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Minor Bug Fix - Set SteamConsole updater to hide some output that didn't need to be displayed.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Minor Bug Fix - Changed ROM batch files to not load an xpadder profile while running. This is done automatically through xpadder's autoprofile settings now.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Minor Bug Fix - Default steam xpadder profile's left and right trigger buttons, were set incorrectly with the mouse left and right click. Swapped them so now the left trigger is left mouse click and right trigger is right mouse click. This is now global across all profiles that use the mouse.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated SteamConsole Updater to v1.4.8.\par

\pard v1.5:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added Xpadder AutoProfiles - Now it auto-loads xpadder profiles for certain applications in focus.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated xpadder.ini\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated xpadder profiles\par

\pard v1.4:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Removed Old Steam Grid Images.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated SteamConsole Updater to v1.4.7.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added Custom Steam Grid Images for PC Apps and PC Games.\par

\pard v1.3.9.1:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Minor Bug Fix - ICE ROM Import Script.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Minor Bug Fix - Update-Steamconsole Script.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated Games.txt - Added more PC games to the list. This list is used to attempt to get the path to the game launch .exe file from the registry.\par

\pard v1.3.9:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added Custom Steam Grid Images - Now if you want to make your own custom steam grid images that look like retro console box art, there's a template in each of the folders located in "..\\SteamConsole\\Images\\Steam_Grid_Images".\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated Ice ROM Import Script - It now can pull custom images from "..\\SteamConsole\\Images\\Steam_Grid_Images".\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated SteamConsole Updater to version 1.4.5.\par

\pard v1.3.8.1:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Updated Mupen64plus config file - Fixed an issue that caused N64 ROMS to crash while loading in latest versions of RetroArch.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated SteamConsole Updater to v1.4.4 - Added ability to download latest info files for RetroArch cores.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added PDL Soccer steam site shortcut to Steam Import.\par

\pard v1.3.8:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added Installer Options - Added DS3/DS4 controller tool (ScpToolkit) to the installer options. Now you can install DS3/DS4 controllers during installation. Select "custom" and check the box labeled "DS3/DS4".\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added Images - Added steam grid images for Borderlands, Borderlands 2, EVE Online, Rust, StarCraft, StarCraft II, WarCraft II and WarCraft III.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated SteamConsole Updater to v1.4.3.\par

\pard v1.3.7:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added Apps - Added PlayerAttack, Game Theory, and Cinema Sins youtube channel apps to steam import.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated ROM Importer - The ROM Importer script now splits up PC games and PC apps into two separate categories in Steam for better organization. It pulls the steam grid images from "..\\SteamConsole\\Images\\Steam_Grid_Images".\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated ROM Importer - Cleaned up output of ROM Importer script so it is all in one command window and doesn't have a bunch of random command messages displayed.\par

\pard v1.3.6:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Minor Bug Fixes - Fixed some issues that caused problems with renaming ROM files in the ROM Importer script.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated Feature - Changed emulator for PS1 games from ePSXe to RetroArch Mednafen PSX core. This resolved some issues with gamepad input configs and resolution not scaling properly. Currently only .bin PS1 ROM images are supported. If you have .iso or .img rename them to .bin to be able to launch them.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Minor Bug Fixes - Fixed some issues with "Update-SteamConsole.bat" script not deleting some old files properly during update.\par

\pard v1.3.5.3:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Minor Bug Fixes - Fixed some issues that caused the SteamConsole installer to not function properly.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Major Bug Fix - Fixed issue with ICE ROM Importer running during installation and failing.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Emulator Updates - Updated Dolphin, PCSX2 & RetroArch to the latest nightly builds.\par

\pard v1.3.5.2:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Updated SteamConsole Updater script to v1.3. Cleaned up command line output and added 7zG.exe to be used instead of 7za.exe so that there now is a progress bar for the file extractions instead of a list of files.\par

\pard v1.3.5.1:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Minor bug fix in PC Ice Import script that caused some games to not launch properly.\par

\pard v1.3.5:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Updated Ice Rom Importer. It now imports PC games that are listed in the file "..\\SteamConsole\\Tools\\Ice\\GAMES.txt". You can add your PC games to this file and it will import them into steam. It also has some customization options with the PC game batch files that get created.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated SteamConsole Updater to version 1.2. It can now auto-update itself to the latest version with future releases.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Fixed some bugs in the Updater script that caused it to not update SteamConsole properly.\par

\pard v1.3.4:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added Auto-Update script that updates SteamConsole (including all emulators) to the latest version. Script is located at "..\\steamconsole\\Scripts\\Updater\\Update-SteamConsole.bat". This replaces the script located at "..\\emulators\\updater" which has been removed.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated Ice Rom Importer to official release 1.0.0. This adds the ability to import Steam Grid Images from a local folder.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added Steam_Grid_Images folder to "..\\steamconsole\\Images" for use with Ice local image import for PC Games and Apps.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added application link for NWSL (Nation Women's Soccer League) youtube streaming channel.\par

\pard v1.3.3:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Updated RetroArch and cores to latest version.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated Gamecube emulator to version 4.0-9198.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated PCSX2 emulator to version 1.5.0-Dev-546-gb8a023d.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Fixed a bug with the Gamecube & Wii emulator save paths where it was looking in the wrong location for memory cards.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added auto-updater script to "..\\emulators\\updater" that will auto-update PCSX2, Dolphin, RetroArch and RetroArch core files. Run "Update-Emulators.bat" to auto-update.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated xpadder files to fix some issues with xbox one wireless/wired controllers and real wii-motes.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added application links for Hulu, Youtube, Showtime, and Tru TV.\par

\pard v1.3.2:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Updated ppsspp_libretro.cfg to increase the internal psp resolution size. This should make all games look nicer.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changed location where the uninstaller backs up ROMS and savedata to. It now keeps those files within the SteamConsole folder when uninstalled.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changed Ice import script combine PC Games and Apps batch files into the "Arcade" folder within "..\\SteamConsole\\Steam_Shortcuts". Add your custom apps and pc games batch files to this folder and run the ROMS import script to add them to Steam.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added support for Mayflash Dolphinbar Wiimotes, Xbox One controllers and up to 8 controllers at once within Xpadder.\par

\pard\par
v1.3.1:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added Docs folder to SteamConsole install directory. This has all the controller button maps and other useful information about SteamConsole.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated Xpadder controller profiles to have "Select + DPad Right" for the Steam profile & "Select + A button" for all other profiles, to open up the current controller mappings for reference.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Updated nestopia_libretro.cfg to fix an issue with the screen being huge and cut off when playing NES games.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added PC_Games folder to "..\\SteamConsole\\Steam_Shortcuts" which contains two batch files for launching the VoIP client mumble then launching Final Fantasy XIV. Also a batch file for launching Diablo III with joytokey to make it possible to use just your controller to play the game. You will need to edit them to suit your needs as they are provided as is and aren't fully integrated with SteamConsole.\par

\pard\par
v1.3:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Updated installer to an NSIS exe installer package to make it easier to follow the install steps.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added components selection. Now you can specify exactly what you want to install and run in case you don't want to install everything.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added start menu & desktop shortcuts option.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added option to backup ROM files & save data when uninstalling SteamConsole.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added "Custom Hotkeys x86.exe" since "Custom Hotkeys.exe" was 64bit only. It should work on both 32bit and 64bit windows now.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added Netflix, HBO Go, and Youtube to the apps section in Steam (must have chrome installed to use).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}SteamConsole now shows up in the add/remove programs list in windows and can be uninstalled from there.\par

\pard\par
   RetroArch Changes: (NES/SNES/N64/GBA/DS/PSP/SEGA emulator)\par
   ==================\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Changed NES emulator core in RetroArch to use "Nestopia" instead of "Quicknes". There was an issue with controllers not being initialized in random ROMS.\par

\pard\par
v1.2:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed bug in ROM Renamer where it was adding multiple extensions onto the end of the ROM files.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added DSTool (emulates PS2/PS3/PS4 as an Xbox 360 controller).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Implemented a workaround for Windows 10 not allowing the DS4Tool to get exclusive mode on the PS4 controllers (Hide DS4 option in DS4Tool wasn't working properly).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added a virtual keyboard for users who want to use their controller as a keyboard in a web browser or outside of Steam (FreeVK.exe). Hold select and press in on the       right joystick to show/hide the virtual keyboard.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added some general application and web streaming sites to the ROM Import script. You can edit the batch files at "SteamConsole\\Steam_Shortcuts\\Arcade".\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added install files for Chrome, Malwarebytes and Plex Home Theater for those of you who want to use the "Apps" shortcuts in Steam.\par

\pard\par
   RetroArch Changes: (NES/SNES/N64/GBA/DS/PSP/SEGA emulator)\par
   ==================\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Upgraded RetroArch 64-bit from 1.2.1 to 1.2.2.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Upgraded all emulator cores to latest versions as of 8/7/2015.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changed the RetroArch menu from rgui to xmb. Xmb is a much nicer looking interface and has some extra options.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}With the new xmb menu, you can now use the "online updater" option to update cores, assets, shaders, etc.\par

\pard\par
v1.1:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added ROM Renamer to the ROM Import Script (auto renames ROM files so they have a better chance of grabbing a banner image from consolegrid.com)\par
}
 